hi this is mr. marvel I am here with my
second costume the elderscrolls v that
we call skyrim that vikarma I should
figure um he's 12 inches tall and he's
taking a long time to do is have a quick
look at him take a long time got a few
months and see all the detail said on
him and got the red on his abs there and
into his chest his arms move along with
it with his armor articulation and his
arms his head and see the detail that
I've got into he's a helmet side look
pretty sweet the paint is looking pretty
cool as well his legs do move but very
limited you do a little touch of wanna
say there's paint scraped off a bit with
his sword and I will be doing a
protective court on him and I've seen me
first the paint a bit tougher so no
chipping they also have done a Tarragona
great sword to go over them that's
looking pretty sweet and he does hold it
and it can be seized and the side of his
say there have a gorge in there didn't
need to do that it's turn him around
these little white cloths the back of
them so I'll probably do a stand from
him because he's a bit top-heavy and I
mean I've done this figure basically if
it display only and see he's got quite
that weight on unsold on with epoxy
putty all carved and sanded and sculpted
and so he has taken quite a long time
and that's him in a nutshell he's
looking pretty sweet
see those who hold the sword he's
getting ready to take Ahnold win so I'm
well pleased and how he's turned out
pretty cool and that's it this is mr.
marvel signing off